{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This position serves as the coordinator of office and accounting practices for the clients of the Ben Franklin Transformation Business Services Network over our 32 county footprint. Primary responsibility is to develop, recommend and implement procedures to ensure uniform and efficient accounting practices, internal controls, and compliance with regulations and client company policy. The position provides leadership in design, coordination, and implementation of relevant control, system and procedural changes; and is responsible for efficient coordination and effective delivery of all company accounting services. The position will oversee and optimize the accuracy and timeliness of all external and internal reporting efforts associated with accounting; cost, financial, payroll, and tax information for the client companies. Coordinate and support the effective flow of accounting data through software systems such as QuickBooks and Sage in rapidly changing environments. The position will provide advice and counsel to the CEOs, CFOs and Presidents of the companies. Typically requires a Bachelor's degree or higher plus two years of related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Significant accounting and specialized knowledge necessary to understand and interpret impact on various accounting services and compliance with government and other regulations including SBIR, NIH and state and local agencies. Extensive leadership and analytical skills in accounting, finance and business administration with demonstrated, adept management of information technology and change are essential for this role. Experience successfully leading a diverse staff in dynamic, every-changing circumstances and proven management skills is needed. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, are required. This is a fixed-term appointment funded for one year from date of hire with excellent possibility of re-funding.}