{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green244\blue193;\red67\green67\blue67;\red135\green135\blue135;
\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Designer/Marketing Specialist II 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Pennsylvania State University-Outreach Marketing Communications
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - University Park, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
June 2000 to July 2011 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The 329 Building \'95 University Park, PA. 16802 Audience: Worldwide\'a0\cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Designer/Marketing Specialist II for the award-winning inhouse agency in the Department of Outreach Marketing and Communications.\'a0Promotional materials for Penn State Continuing Education and Cooperative Extension, Conferences, Penn State Online (World Campus), WPSU television, Office of Workforce\'a0Development, and Shaver's Creek Environmental Center.\'a0Projects include print publications and other support materials for increasing enrollments for satellite campuses, learning centers, and 67 cooperative extension offices.\'a0 Equipment includes: Apple Macintosh PowerPC's, Agfa Fotolook Scanner, various Hewlitt Packard printers.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Designer 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The UPS Store #0069
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - State College, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
December 2013 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Responsibilities\'a0Corporate ID, Freelance, Walk-In's. Anything and everything our customers might need designed and printed, I am responsible for. This ranges from photo touch ups to logo design. \'a0Accomplishments\'a0Our store didn't have the best year in 2012, when they hired me it opened up a whole new genre of work to our customers. They could now design, print and ship all in once location. With my design expertise we boosted sales and satisfaction. \'a0Skills Used\'a0Creative and innovative design\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Owner \'95 CEO \'95 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Artist\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \'95 Web Designer 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Concept Commandos, LLC
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Lewistown, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2011 to 2014\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Manage all business responsibilities and finances\'a0Client management\'a0Coordinate design teams and manage projects\'a0Sales, communication, and networking\'a0Develop marketing strategies for the company and clients\'a0Manage website and hosting server\'a0Concept development and production for various mediums\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Supervisor of \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Production 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AccuWeather Inc
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
June 2004 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Manage the day-to-day workflow \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Production Print Staff. Providing weather \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
graphics\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 for hundreds of newspapers and publications around the world. Supervise the scheduling and training of 10 staff members. Help troubleshoot production and print problems, both internal and on the client side. Manage client expectations with early deadlines due to a variety of reason including holidays and weather emergencies.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Artist\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 & Web Designer 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Centre Publications Inc
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - Centre Hall, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
February 2015 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The majority of my time is spent working on advertisements for various PA county visitor's guides, community profile and membership directories, or hotel directories. Ad sizes range from 1/8 a page to a full page. Creating ads can involve recreating company logos, searching for similar fonts, and researching the businesses to match their branding style. Every project needs some level of photo editing, color correcting or masking. I also develop other design projects for our customers. I have worked on different brochures, cover designs, a presentation folder and a trade show piece. I am currently working on a new identity for Centre Publications by designing their new logo. Another aspect of my job includes designing and coding basic websites that are mobile friendly.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
artist\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Drucker Co
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
November 2008 to August 2009 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Designed and redesigned catalog covers, postcards,\'a0brochures, service manuals, posters, website buttons\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Design Contractor 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Real Friends Band
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
July 2015 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create visual representations of the band's music that are printed on merchandise, including t-shirts and banners.\'a0Collaborate with members of the band to understand customer needs and to ensure that generated content translates well onto merchandise.\'a0Generate print files that the band utilizes to print the physical merchandise.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Artist\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bwinedesigns
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - Altoona, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2013 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Responsibilities:\'a0 Designing: I create websites, logos, album covers for musicians, packaging designs, and other promotional material monthly, or as needed, for multiple business.\'a0Branding: I brand and market multiple companies. This includes: creating logos, websites, promotional materials, and maintaining social media profiles.\'a0\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Artist\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Centre Daily Times
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
December 2011 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TECHNICAL SKILLS \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
GRAPHIC\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 RELATED EXPERIENCE\'a0 Adobe InDesign CS5\'a0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Graphic\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Artist\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0Adobe Photoshop CS5 Centre Daily Times 12/2011 - Present\'a0 Adobe Illustrator CS5 Design diverse retail, classified and online advertisements as\'a0Adobe Dreamweaver CS5 well as additional media. Daily pagination duties.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Lead Commercial Design \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Artist\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Centre Daily Times
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - State College, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
November 2005 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Lead designer for any commercial or special project, include magazines, booklets, and tabloid formats.\
\
}