{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green244\blue193;\red67\green67\blue67;\red135\green135\blue135;
\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Evaluator - \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Aide Competency Evaluation Program\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Harrisburg Area Community College
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - Harrisburg, PA\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
November 2012 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Administers written and skills testing for \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 assistant candidates. Responsible for evaluating \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 assistant candidate's\'a0\
performance using the format prescribed by the state of PA. Maintains confidentiality, test security, and quality assurance according to the program requirements. Completes and maintains confidential, accurate and complete records and reports as required by state and\'a0\
federal regulations and American Red Cross policy. Successfully manages operation of test site.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
LPN/Support \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/TDC 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Elmcroft Senior Living
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - Reedsville, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
August 2013 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Responsibilities\'a0 My job title is Support \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/Training Developmental Coordinator. My daily tasks may vary from day to day as I have two jobs to complete every week. They include: assessments, passing medication, labs, documentation, scheduling of appointments, ordering medications, PT/INR logs, caretracker, hiring employees, all employee paperwork and education annually, I'm on call every other week, managing staff, taking phone calls,and any other requirements needed by the \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. I am also certified from the train to trainer course to certify employees to become Med Techs.\'a0Accomplishments\'a0I take pride in my work. My residents/families appreciate everything I do and that makes me strive harder to do everything I can for them. And if I cannot do what they need, I find someone or someway to complete it. I enjoy the profession I have chose. I love giving back to these residents. I have always worked in healthcare and I would never change that.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
LPN (Licensed Practical \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
) 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Woodland Retirement & Assisted Living
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - Orbisonia, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
February 2015 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
licensed practical \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, looking for full time to PRN position. Dedicated, strong patient advocate, team player.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Occupational \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Center county homemakers
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - Port Matilda, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
November 2013 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Administered Tb and flu shots as a \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 to prespective employees and annual immmunizations. Also work in the ofice to help with scheduling employees for homecare consumers. Assist with filing answering phones, and following care plans.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Certified \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Aide 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Southern Plantation
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
October 2014 to March 2016 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Responsible for routine patient care, obtaining vital signs and monitoring resident conditions.\'a0Daily duties include: morning preparation for meals, bathing and dressing residents, serving food trays, answering call bells, laundry, light cleaning.\'a0Transporting residents to/from other rooms, locations, and in/out of chairs.\'a0Participate in all training throughout year.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
RN Clinical \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
VALLEY VIEW HEALTH AND REHABILITATION CNTR
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 -Altoona, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1995 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Responsibilities\'a0Assessment and evaluation of each individuals medical, social, emotional, and physical needs with accompanying plan of care. Providing hands on care. Communicating with all members of disciplines to provide the best of care for each individual with their specific needs in mind. Administering medications. Performing treatments for a variety of wounds, from a scratch to a pressure ulcer. Provide immunizations. Maintain accurate records with a computer program for record keeping. Phone calls to family members on a regular basis to keep them updated on changes in their loved ones conditions. Phone call to Drs and following their orders for the best outcome for each individual. Respond to health emergencies up to and including CPR. Interact with staff and residents on a daily basis to keep abreast of changes. Report to administration any findings that are in question or need clarification. Follow up post-op from SDS upon return to facility. Monitor dialysis patients upon return from dialysis.\'a0Accomplishments\'a0I have gained, and shared much knowledge through the years of my nursing career. I have made friends with co-workers, residents, and family members. I love working with people, helping to resolve problems, and share in the joys of celebration as well as sorrows of loss. I am an advocate for providing the best we, as a team, can provide for each and every individual. \'a0Skills Used\'a0Medication administration, IV medication infusions, maintaining sterile/clean technique in performing dressing changes, CPR, assessment and evaluation of medical problems, accurate record keeping, organizing jobs for each day, communicate with residents, families, doctors, and administration on a daily basis. Participate in disaster training as well as fire drills. Respond to medical emergencies.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Registered \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Geisinger- Lewistown Hospital
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - Lewistown, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
July 2012 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I am currently in the ICCU. I also have worked on 5a, which is the Orthopedics/Oncology floor. I have had experience with end of life and palliative care. I have a current ACLS, and BLS. I plan to further my education by obtaining my Bachelors degree in nursing.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Licensed Practical \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Valley View Retirement Community
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
September 2015 to Present\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Administer medication as prescribed by a physician\'a0Responsible for entering information into computer systems\'a0Basic wound care including cleaning and bandaging injured areas\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Clinical \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Assistant 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Comfort Keepers
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - Clearfield, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
May 2010 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Personal care attendant to physically disabled persons. Travel to homes in rural areas in all weather conditions to provide housekeeping, food preparation, assistance with personal hygiene. Excellent communication skills. Love people and enjoy being with them. I love helping them and making them happy. I don t mind helping out different places when employees call off cause I know they need me.\
\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
LPN Home Pediatric \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nurse\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bayada Pediatrics
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - State College, PA 
\fs26 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
May 2012 to Present \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Provide in home pediatric health care to clients wth all aspects of care.}