{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red135\green135\blue135;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red255\green244\blue193;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher Long Term Substitute, St. Luke Academy - Chicago, IL - 2016 to Present Effective February 1 - May 31, 2016. Accepted for remainder of the school year I attained the responsibilities of the fifth and sixth grade teacher. In this position, both fifth and six grades are combined and taught in one classroom. Subjects I teach include: Physical Education, Math, Science, Social Studies, Religion, and Language Arts. St. Luke Academy is a supportive and diverse learning community that strives for success of both it's students and teachers. \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cen-Clear Child services
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
April 2007 to Present \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Phillipsburg, Pa.\'a0To assist the Lead \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 in implementing lesson plans made for the day.\'a0Assist the Lead \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 in decision making, lesson plans and any goals for the day\'a0Assist in implementing the correct tools or toys needed to observe children.\'a0Rearrange the room to proper Echers standards and needs.\'a0Clean and sanitize the classroom and toys.
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Special Education Paraprofessional; Substitute \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
State College Area School District
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - State College, PA 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
August 2013 to Present \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
August 2013 - Present\'a0Special Education Paraprofessional; Substitute \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0 Provide Direct Instruction in a 1-on-1 or small group setting\'a0 Adapt or modify classroom work for students in advance or spontaneously as needed\'a0Create student assignments and daily work in the areas of math, reading and writing\'a0Head \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 experience as a substitute \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
teacher\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Practicum \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Pennsylvania State University
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
January 2016 to Present \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
01.2016-present\'a0 Advanced-level IELTS PREP class\'a0Participate in the daily instructional activities\'a0Create and teach instructional materials for the curriculum\'a0Develop and implement assessment measures to evaluate students' achievement\'a0Work collaboratively with the mentor \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 and the practicum\'a0supervisor to carry out responsibilities\'a0Open office hours and participate in department meetings\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ESL \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
New Brunswick Public School District
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - New Brunswick, NJ 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
September 2013 to June 2015 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Built rapport with students and families of different cultural backgrounds\'a0Created a trusting atmosphere through sensitivity of students' strengths, weaknesses, and personal learning styles\'a0Achieved Student Growth Objectives (SGOs) in writing and speaking\'a0Used pedagogical methods and practices to achieve high quality results\'a0Developed highly effective writing/verbal and interpersonal skills in multiple languages\'a0Translated English to Spanish during parent and \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 conferences\'a0Administered state mandated Access and PARCC test exams\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Assistant \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Grade 3 
\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Young Scholars of Central PA Charter School
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - State College, PA 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
September 2015 to Present \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Responsibilities\'a0I assist all three third grade classrooms with all subjects. I participate in co-teaching with three grade level \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
teachers\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 and work with small groups of students who need extra help academically.  Accomplishments served as the Veterans Day committee chair and organized the entire Veterans Day program for the school. I also headed the initiative for organizing the Earth Day activities in collaboration with Penn State. Additionally, I tutor four students in fourth grade in math. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Work Experience 
\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Practicum \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 for Graduate Academic Writing 
\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Penn State University
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 -University Park, PA 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
January 2016 to Present\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Take part in evaluating and grading students' class work, assignments, and papers.\'a0Prepare course materials such as handouts and worksheets.\'a0Create and lead some of the teaching activities.\'a0Plan, evaluate, and revise curricula, course content, course materials, and methods of instruction together with my mentor.\'a0Participate in \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 meetings.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Lead Toddler \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Lock Haven YMCA
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - Lock Haven, PA 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
March 2009 to Present \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
before I became the Lead Toddler \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 I was a Assistant in the Preschool room, I took over the Toddler room in Mid April of 2015* I am currently the Lead Toddler \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, my responsibilities are to create a fun and save learning environment for the children. And how I do that is creating a structured environment with a schedule that the fellow assistant \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 and I follow daily. When I make the schedule I plan activities in different developmental areas (math, science, reading, writing, fine and gross motor) and when I plan these I also have to follow the PA early learning standard and complete the necessary checklist and documentation for Stars. Along with planning exciting things for the children to do I have to develop a relationship with the parents and have open communication with them and my staff. In addition to my other responsibilities I have to make sure that my fellow staff and myself follow the PA Regulations at all times in the class room.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Student \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - 1st grade 
\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Young Scholars Charter School, State College
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
March 2016 to Present \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pennsylvania\'a0Created and taught lessons using resources in the classroom and the internet\'a0Communicated with cooperating \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 to identify individual students' needs\'a0Established a learning environment conducive to the needs of all students\'a0Created and administered assessments to ensure learning goals were met\'a0Reinforced school wide positive behavior rules while teaching\'a0Worked along with school faculty and staff to meet the needs of each student and create a\'a0\
healthy learning environment.\'a0Created and implemented a classroom management plan to keep the students attentive during the school day.\
\

\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bennett Family Center, Preschool \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Teacher\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pennsylvania State University
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - University Park, PA 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
October 2014 to Present \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
guide children through the learning process,\'a0complete conferences, home visits, participate in grant programs\
}